Add HDF5 2.0.0 support (#665)
pdidev/pdi: plugins/decl_netcdf/CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.22...4.2)
project(pdi_decl_netcdf_plugin LANGUAGES C CXX)
list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH "${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/cmake")
if(4.3 VERSION_GREATER "${CMAKE_VERSION}")

> 	# Workaround for compiling with HDF5-2.0.0+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Workaround missing "Prefer h5hl<LANG> compilers if HDF5_FIND_HL is enabled" in cmake pre-4.1
	# Workaround for missing HDF5_IS_PARALLEL with HDF5-2.0.0+ in cmake pre-4.3
```

> 	list(INSERT CMAKE_MODULE_PATH 0 "${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/4.3")

Reviewer: Looks like there was a bug. `CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR` does not include the `cmake/` subdir. also for consistency, 

```suggestion
if(4.3 VERSION_GREATER "${CMAKE_VERSION}")
	# Workaround for compiling with HDF5-2.0.0+
	list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH "${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/cmake/4.3")
```

Author: good catch!

if("${CMAKE_VERSION}" VERSION_LESS 4.1)
	# Workaround missing "Prefer h5hl<LANG> compilers if HDF5_FIND_HL is enabled" in cmake pre-4.1
	list(INSERT CMAKE_MODULE_PATH 0 "${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/4.1")
elseif("${CMAKE_VERSION}" VERSION_LESS 4.3)
	# Workaround for compiling with HDF5-2.0.0+

> 	list(INSERT CMAKE_MODULE_PATH 0 "${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/4.3")

Reviewer: You'll need to add that to Decl'HDF5 `CMakeLists.txt`

Author: Why? It compiles without.
Another question: if cmake version < 4.1, then we only include the cmake /4.1 patch. It's not right.
Only the 4.3 patch is sufficient, isn't it?

Reviewer: yes, for anything below 4.3 we force 4.3

Reviewer: If youcompile from the root distribution, with both netCDF & HDF5, it will use the Find from NetCDF. There might be an issue if you only enable Decl'HDF5 with HDF5-2+ & cmake < 4.3 or if you compile the plugin separately like we do for spack & binary packages.
